technical leadership.
So I spotted this project here
because it was done in 2025 and it
had a really good impact over the
organization that we worked with.
So this was a project for a worldwide
foundation for conservation, and they
had a previous website for their.
Roadmap 2030.
So they have a an implementation
plan for conservation, for climate
change, its called Roadmap 2030.
And this domain of knowledge.
They had a previous website
that were, that was really bad.
UX was bad, information was bad.
There was no features, people
couldn't actually use the system
to get information about the
roadmap they were working towards.
So our goal here was rebuild the
whole structure of the website,
the site maps, all the feature.
Based on the content the
framework that they were working.
So it was a challenging subject because
I personally never had worked before.
With this domain of knowledge, which
is climate change conservation, how
conservation professionals work across
the entire world, how they peer, how they.
Talk with each other.
It was really insightful for
me being that environment.
My role here was actual
leadership across teams.
This foundation they had their team,
which was composed by a communication team
that was responsible for writing content.
There was another person that
had knowledge about the practices
and how to actually connect with
conservation people on each country.
And they had a leader of the project
itself, the, for the whole project.
And my job here was work
as a middleman between.
Their teams and our team.
Our team was a UI UX designer and
a copywriter that was reviewing
and checking content on this.
So this whole process of developing
a site map and then on each page
we have a different content and
this whole content interacts.
Like a graph because it's
all about one subject and the
content itself, it's very deep.
It goes from very high level objectives.
That could be just one phrase, one
title into the very nitty gritty of
specific indicators that are based
on calculations and numbers that they
have, that are based on reports and
documents and PDFs and everything.
The goal here was built a
beautiful UI that was meaningful,
that was very easy to navigate.
And then every person that would access
this system would be founding his way
through this whole roadmap, when framework
that they are actually doing work about
climate change, about conservation
of the rainforest, things like that.
So it was really insightful.
I had to travel to Geneve
for a few meetings.
It was really important to be
there being with the high hierarchy
of directors of this foundation.
Be able to speak expose my ideas
and suggest ways of work that would
fasten this project of building
this website and make it happen.
So we did, we worked three
months on this project.
We built a very beautiful and insightful
SharePoint communication site from
zero, from nothing, from empty canvas
that I bootstrapped a new website.
And then we worked from there.
We built everything.
We added some type of technical things
on top of the basic build pages.
I worked with Power Automate the
SharePoint lists in this case and
Power BI to connect some source
of data that they had in the big
SharePoint ecosystem that they have.
So they have, they had a lot of source
of information that needed to be.
Ingested and transferred to new data to
be shown on real time reports in Power
BI that were embedded into the system.
This internal communication site
has more than a hundred thousand
users, so they can now access the
system and interact and that's it.